In this task we are going to user ROS operating system, I will explain what the ROS operating system is.
ROS stands for Robot Operating System, it's not a full operating system it's a framework and a set of tools that provide functionality of an operating system,
it contains packages that provides specialized functionality that are used to control robots. 

In order to Install ROS Operating System, I had to first apply these sub tasks first: 

1.	Install Oracle Virtual Machine 
2.	Install Ubuntu 
3.	Install ROS Operating System




Sub-Task 1 : Installing Oracle Virtual Machine 
        I have firstly downloaded the oracle Virtual machine from the official website then I installed the version 6.1
        Installing Linux Operating System
        
        
Sub-Task 2: Installing Ubuntu 
        Secondly, I have installed the Linux Operating System in the oracle virtual machine using Ubuntu version
        20.04.4 LTS (desktop image), since its compatible with the ROS operating system.




Sub-task 3 :Installing the ROS Operating System

        Lastly, I had to install the ROS Melodic Framework from their website into the ubuntu terminal,
        and I followed the steps included, starting from the installation till the configuration of the system using 
        the commands listed in the website. 
        
        
        
        
Task 1: Challenges 

The challenges the I have faced was choosing the correct version of ubuntu since I have tried multiple ones until
I found out the 20.04.4 version was the best one and also the recommended one,I also have faced some problems installing
ubuntu but the problem was about the version update but thankfully all worked out it turns out it was only
a server problem from my side. 
these were the only problems that I have faced and I figured out the solution using GitHub and also
Stack Overflow website and watched a lot of YouTube videos that were all helpful. 



Task 1: Learned Skills 

The skilled that I have learned was to be self-taught in every task/sub task also,
I have learned how to work in groups since we can communicate with our other colleagues and share our knowledge,
I have learned about a new operating system ( ROS ) and I have learned how to install and use it using the Linux terminal.
